Some but not all things to complete before first official test release:

done - 1) Settings -> General
    Allow the user to edit and save to appSettings on changegrid

done - 2) Live updating of mh-root-prefixed.json, already copied to appData at startup, need to finish the job

done - 3) Consistently move QTH grid by WSJT-X update, if Grid changed, recenter if "AEQD" is showing.

code done - pending permission 4) In anticipation of MQTT permission, create a new "Spots" tab in settings. 
    Move "OAMS" -> Spotting to "Spots" tab
    If we do get permission to use MQTT, remove "refresh" logic from spotting

done - 5) Settings -> General -> Export and Import settings should open a dialog to prompt where to read from and where to write to "GridTracker2_settings.json"
    no more automatic reading/writing from/to a static location

done - 6) Call Roster -> Settings -> Export/Import "Watchers lists" -> File Dialog prompt -> Save as pretty print json. "Watcher Settings.json"

done - 7) Call Roster -> Move " /Only Wanted" from "Callsign" drop down, and put as first option in "Exceptions"

done - 8) Remove "Callsigns" option .. we are only going to support "Wanted"
    This means the Callsign "new" and "new+unconfirmed" options are going away
        this includes "Hunting" section that allows for singly entity hunting and related Html/code

done - 9)  HotKey refactor .. All non-F1-F12 keys need to be behind "ctrlKey" condition, those with "shiftKey" condition remain as they are.
    It's really easy to accidentally start typing with GT in focus and get GT into a weird state, we will make it a deliberate effort to change a GT setting with the keyboard.
    Generate the "F1" "Hot Key List" programmatically, modify registerHotKey() to accept i18n labels, then apply those lables when creating the hotKey eg "controlPanel.Timezone.hover"
    Modify "Print" button to take the "tableDiv" without color and open in a new "temp" window with a print dialog, instead of taking the user to the way outdated print.html at gridtracker.org
    Modify the "version" at the top of the list to reflect the current version, include "GridTracker2" in the printable

done - 10) Users are using "Settings -> Logbook" "Working Callsigns/Grids/Date" without understanding what they do exactly.
    When these features are enabled. Add 1 new Blue box counter under "Rx Call (XXX )  QSL (XXX)" 
    QSO Entries Ignored, Hover "Logbook entries ignored by Settings -> Logbook".. onClick : open Settings -> Logbook

done - 11) Settings -> Logbook .. do not allow "enable?" if fields are empty or working data is jan-1-1970 (epoch 0)

12) I want to lock down file usage and locations soon, I may abandon AppData\GT2\Documents all together and just use Ginternal ...  Local File(s) should ignore adds for GInternal files as well as WSJT-X log since we're going to add WSJT-X as the first entry in Settings -> Logging .. uptil now it's been automatic and "magic box" style.
ie: if a local file add matches the path of the WSJT-X entry, don't add , and if the wsjt-x isn't set to "startup" , check-it.

As we find them in old methods, replace "var" with "let" as well as make sure any variable used is "in scope" are defined with 'let' or "GT." or "CR." respectfully.  
  Do *not* replace var with let in the global scope, if you run into one that doesn't start with GT. or CR. let me (Tag) know and I'll fix it (Constants appreciated)
  Don't do a blind replace 'var' to 'let' in all methods, it must be done with care, it's been attempted before with disastrous results